---
id: "アクセスサーバー"
title: "Console KVM"
description: "You can connect to the Bare Metal GPU Server using an SSH key or password"
sidebar_label: "Console KVM"
sidebar_position: 9
---

# Console KVM

You can connect to the Bare Metal GPU Server using an SSH key or password. SSH protocol (also known as Secure Shell) is a method for securely logging in remotely from one server to another. To connect via SSH, make sure all the required rules for incoming traffic are included in the Network ACL settings.

1. Go to **AI Infrastructure** and **Metal Cloud** in the sidebar to view the server list.
2. Select the server from the list or view the server details.
3. Click **Actions** and then click **Console**, or click **Open** in the console section on the server detail page.
4. To log in, use the **default username: clouduser** and the password you entered when creating the server.

# SSH

_The SSH key is selected when creating and deploying the server. See SSH key management._

## Prerequisites before connecting from Windows 10

1. Open **Windows Settings**.
2. Go to the **Apps & features** section and click **Optional features**.
3. Find **OpenSSH Client** and click to expand the detailed description.
4. Click **Install**.
5. Wait for the installation to complete. After installing the SSH client, restart your computer to apply the settings correctly. The SSH utility will then be available in cmd.

## Connect from Windows 10, Linux OS, or macOS

1. Open Command Prompt.

| Authentication method | Command |
| --- | --- |
| Password | `ssh username@192.168.1.92` |
| SSH key | `ssh username@192.168.1.92 -i "C:\\Users\\username\\.ssh\\id_rsa` |

Where:
- Replace "username" with your username or the default username at first login (clouduser).
- Replace "192.168.1.92" with the server's floating IP address.
- Replace "C:\Users\username\\.ssh\id_rsa" with the path to the PEM-format private key file on your computer.

_If you created the Bare Metal GPU Server with a private interface only, create a floating IP address and use it when connecting to the BareMetal via SSH._

2. The utility will warn you that you are trying to connect to an unknown device and ask if you want to continue. Type **"yes"** and press **Enter** to continue.
3. (For password-only connections) Enter the password you set when creating the **Bare Metal**.

# Use a bastion host (jump server)

A jump host is an intermediate server between the originating machine and the Bare Metal GPU Server you want to connect to. It functions like a gateway between two trusted networks. You can only access the destination server after the jump host grants access.

1. Create a cloud instance with a subnet and floating IP.
2. Configure the security group.
